docs: slight formatting update and provide example with service mesh enabled (#12227)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/installation/install.mdx

1. Issue the `install` subcommand to install Consul on Kubernetes:

   ```shell-session
   $ consul-k8s install <OPTIONS>
   ```

>    Refer to the [Consul K8s CLI reference](/docs/k8s/k8s-cli) for details about all commands and available options. Without any additional options passed, the `consul-k8s` CLI will install Consul on Kubernetes with the the Helm chart default values. Below is an example that installs Consul on Kubernetes with Service Mesh and CRDs enabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Refer to the [Consul K8s CLI reference](/docs/k8s/k8s-cli) for details about all commands and available options. Without any additional options passed, the `consul-k8s` CLI will install Consul on Kubernetes by using the Consul Helm chart's default values. Below is an example that installs Consul on Kubernetes with Service Mesh and CRDs enabled. 
```
